Add maximum Firefox extension ID length, update link redirect (#23541)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings/index.md

Firefox stores its browser specific settings in the `gecko` subkey, which has the following properties:

- `id`

>   - : Is the extension ID. Optional since Firefox 48, where the extension ID is derived from the extension's signature. Mandatory if the extension is unsigned (and not loaded via `about:debugging`). See [Extensions and the Add-on ID](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/extensions-and-the-add-on-id/) to see when you need to specify an add-on ID. This property must contain 80 characters or fewer in order to be accepted at AMO.

Reviewer: Based on the information on the Extension Workshop site, this description is no longer correct, and given the age of Firefox 48 it no longer seems worthy of mention:
```suggestion
  - : The extension ID. For extensions submitted to [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org/) (AMO), see [Extensions and the Add-on ID](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/extensions-and-the-add-on-id/) to determine when you need to specify the ID. When required by AMO, this property must contain 80 characters or less. For extensions not submitted to AMO, if the extension is unsigned (and not loaded using `about:debugging`) an ID is required; otherwise, ID is optional.
```
It may also be with adding the length details to Extension Workshop.
